# University-Results-Prediction
<p>Data is one of the most valuable currencies of our time. Data without organization, segmentation and analysis, it is essentially useless. Data aggregation is the process of compiling typically large amounts of information from a given database and organizing it into a more consumable and comprehensive medium. One application area of data aggregation is data mining applied to data available in an educational institution. Vast amounts of data generated in a setting like a university can give insights and predictions that would enhance management of such institutions.</p>
<p>Educational data mining applies data mining techniques to allow extraction of meanings and patterns from large amounts of data generated in educational institutions.Every academic year, universities generate large volumes of data from the students’ examination results information. These data if properly organized and well analyzed can be used to evaluate the effectiveness of the examinations administered at the university and the effectiveness of the teaching methodologies at the university. Furthermore, these examination data if properly aggregated can be used for prediction of the student’s final scores and perform other analytics that can be used to support decision making at the university. The large volumes of data can be analyzed using data mining techniques so as to find different trends and patterns to predict the student’s performance.</p>
<p>The purpose of this research is to develop a “university student’s result analysis and prediction system” that can help the director of the school identify trends and patterns based on the dataset generated from the databases at the university</p>
